KO A-SUNG
PARK SUNG-WOONG
BAE SEONG-WOO
KIM EUI-SUNG. RYU HYUN-KYUNG
LEE CHAE-EUN. PARK JUNG-MIN
O DAE-HWAN. SOHN SU-HYUN
Screenplay by CHOI YUN-JIN
Adapted & Directed by HONG WON-CHAN
I'm home.
Hey. you're home.
Jae-min. dad's home.
Welcome home. dad.
The police chief discussed
the H.R. Auto union strike...
Why aren't you changing?
How about we turn this?
This one?
Yeah. how about here?
Here?
Yeah.
Is it here?
It fits.
- It fits.
- Good.
What's with the hammer?
The door is opening.
So annoying.
Attention please.
To maintain a safe distance
with the subway in front.
we have stopped momentarily.
We apologize for
this inconvenience.
Excuse me.
I'm getting off!
Pardon me!
One moment!
Pardon me.
Sorry.
I'm sorry.
pardon me.
Not again...
Office check-in complete
OFFICE
Sales team 1.
let's start the meeting.
Gather everyone.
Good morning.
Yes. we can speak now.
I didn't really get that sense
from seeing him here.
Ms. YUM.
Did something happen?
See the news?
News?
You know.
that hammer killer?
Yeah?
Apparently...
it's Mn KIM.
What?
The cops are here
and everything.
Are interns allowed
to be late?
I'm sorry.
The meeting starts at 10.
Have these ready
in the meeting room.
Yes. ma'am.
All right. could I
get your attention?
You may've already heard.
KIM Byung-guk's case...
He's from the station.
homicide detective...
What was your name?
I'd like to meet with
each and every one of you.
For now. continue on
with your day.
All right. then.
Assistant Manager HONG?
Yes.
You must be shocked.
It's only natural.
Those close to psychopaths
usually don't know.
They're good at
hiding their emotions.
They're likely to have
amiable reputation.
He's not a psycho.
What?
Mn KIM isn't someone
with mental problems.
He's just a bit tactless...
He and I weren't very close.
but he wouldn't hurt a soul.
Whatever you think.
he's not a psycho.
He's just not.
Sure. it's hard to believe.
I understand.
Not 'hard to believe.'
it's impossible!
You know he's still
at large. right?
Do you have irrefutable
evidence?
So these came from here.
I drink these every morning.
Do you know how much force
is needed to crush a skull?
23 kg.
Over 23 kg of force
has to be applied.
KIM Byung-guk's wife.
her head was in 5 pieces.
His mother had spine fracture.
and instantly died of
a heart attack.
And his 9-year old son.
Tons of broken bones.
died of massive blood loss.
All struck with the hammer
found on the scene.
And KIM's prints were on it.
Don't want to believe. right?
So. why did he do this?
That's what we're here
to find out.
Right.
Has he ever behaved oddly.
or out of character?
No.
Has he ever told you
any weird thoughts?
Weird thoughts?
Of depression.
or troubles at home.
No. nothing like that.
His son had a rare disease.
Something to do with his muscles.
He cares for his kid so much.
even his wife.
And at work?
Good work ethics.
he's never the one to be late.
He's very obedient.
and very dedicated.
He skipped company dinners
to care for his son.
So he always
went home straight?
Pardon?
Well. you know.
did it look like maybe
he had a girl on the side?
ME KIM?
Sorry.
How long for a manager
to become a director?
Normally 4 years
to be a candidate.
For how long was Mn KIM
a manager?
He... 6. I think.
About 6 years.
When I was hired.
he just became one.
So he was pushed aside?
Well. the company promotion
guideline isn't very clear.
so he's a bit late.
No promotion in sight.
pressured by his juniors.
A lot of stress.
I imagine.
Not at all.
He wasn't someone who was
fixated on corporate ladder.
He was the #1 candidate too.
You're a candidate for
a manager spot. right?
Fingers crossed.
Thanks for your help.
I'll call you if needed.
- Mme.
- Yes?
Include this
in the meeting material.
Where's this month's
retailer sales chart?
Show me.
Is she...
not in your team?
Who?
No.
She's an intern.
not a full-time.
Sales team 2 intern?
Yes. But I don't think you need to
interview her though.
She started not too long ago.
What's her name?
LEE Mme.
And she didn't know
much about Mn KIM...
- Ms. LEE Mme?
- Yes?
If it's okay.
could we talk for a bit?
With me?
Just for a moment.
Pardon me. detective.
there's an urgent matter.
Mirae. come see me.
When asked about Mn KIM.
- just say you don't know.
- Huh?
You're just an intern.
so mind your business.
People are dead.
Do you understand?
If you don't want to be
dragged around.
do what I ask.
Got it?
Yes.
Also...
that thing you saw...
don't leak office matters
to the outside.
I'm running a bit
short on time.
could I see you now.
Ms. LEE?
Go on.
I don't really know.
I haven't worked
with him much.
Interns don't even
attend team meetings.
Any troubles
with your colleagues?
No.
I didn't get the impression that
he was a popular employee.
He wasn't very liked.
am I right?
You're wrong.
There's that type.
who's hated by
the entire organization.
'Factless. inflexible.
but works super hard.
And very kind to boot.
All organizations are the same.
Even us police.
It's the type that only cares
about his work.
Can't tell what the superiors want.
maintains only his integrity.
All by himself.
It's all pointless.
Ms. LEE. you two were close.
weren't you?
I have... a meeting to prepare.
He's a wanted man
If he calls or drops by.
you have to call me.
Do you understand?
Yes.
There'll be a meeting here...
You'll have to use
the conference room.
This'll take time.
- Mme?
- Yes?
What are you doing?
This desk was messy...
Don't do anything
you weren't asked.
MS. LEE!
Yes!
Come to the meeting.
What?
You're attending the meeting
from today. come.
Okay!
KIM BYUNG-GUK
2015 SALES STRATEGY PLAN
Just look at it!
How could you eat. shit
and sleep with these results?!
- LUNG 1384“.
- Sh"?
What did you do last Sunday?
There was
an ancestral ceremony...
Get your shit together.
before your ancestors'.
LEE Won-suk!
What did you do?
K went to church...
Chu...
Why the hell for?
Don't go!
Or pray at home!
Does it take all day?
Am I wrong?
Or went too far?
What's so hard about tossing
a few boxes at the retailer?!
I seriously can't understand.
Who cares what they say.
just throw a few at them!
There are so few
retailers here.
and you do nothing but
fiddle with numbers...
That's making sales?
'Falking about it
pisses me off more.
Ms. HONG. get up.
Didn't you come to work
last Sunday?
Yes.
Your sales went up 5%. right?
She went to our
east retailer and wailed.
Their boss called me.
and order 20 more boxes.
Those were deceitful tears.
you hear me?
She put on a hell of a show!
Pathetic fools...
The Sales Strategy Plan
that KIM was working on.
Who will finish it?
- JUNG Jae-il.
- Yes?
Finish it up by this week.
Me?
Okay.
Don't be bothered by
the mood around here.
Remember that you can
get fired before Thanksgiving.
- Got it?
- Yes. boss.
Mme?
Yes?
Not all interns get the job.
you know that. right?
Yes.
There'll be an evaluation
next week.
Complete new product analysis.
and sales campaign plan.
Yes. director.
Everyone out.
- Jae-il.
- Yes?
- About KIM...
Why'd that meek do it?
Beats me...
- Actually...
- Yes?
Last night...
I had a few drinks with
regional director last night.
I called for a temp driver.
and fell asleep.
and even while sleeping.
I felt something.
Shit. why isn't he coming?
KIM... KIM Byung-guk?
What are you doing?!
What iS it?!
What! What!
Huh?
Dammit!
Did you call for a driver?
It was a dream...
It really was.
but it felt so real.
He'll be caught. right?
Of course.
Don't worry. sir.
Nothing will come out of it.
For the time being.
don't call temp drivers.
call me instead.
So annoying...
Can he not swear?
At least he doesn't
swear at the ladies.
He doesn't say it to my face.
but it's all the same.
I feel terrible for Manager KIM.
With everyone there.
it was too harsh.
Mn KIM's too good-natured.
What else can he do?
It's not good-natured.
it's incompetency.
Better to swear at his face.
Why bring up his kid?
It's not right
to ridicule a sick kid...
If you're so concerned.
fetch him some lunch.
Don't be like that. Ms. HONG.
Is it okay for us to leave
without telling him?
I mentioned it to him earlier...
Oh yeah?
Then you take care of him.
Yeah. Mn KIM is
quite fond of you.
Why don't you bring him then.
Please go ahead then.
Tell me where
and we'll join you.
Must I call you?
No. I'll give you a call.
I'll join you.
Ml'. KIM.
Yes. Mirae?
No lunch today?
Everyone's waiting.
Um... no.
I had a big breakfast.
I don't really feel like it.
You go on ahead.
Should I get you anything?
No. there's no need.
Are you all right?
You look a bit pale.
I'm fine.
Are you really sure?
Okay.
Your call cannot be connected...
Mirae! Mirae!
Mirae!
What're you doing?
Did you skip lunch
and sleep?
Well. I...
I was up late
doing an analysis.
It's 1 o'clock.
Oh my gosh.
Director has a guest.
bring them some tea.
Yes. of course.
Yeah. I'm working.
Don't worry.
Actually...
I might go full-time soon.
No. it's not that.
I'll call you back later. mom.
Bye.
He's still like that
at this age?
I shouldn't say...
It's all right.
When I was in grad school.
he and I drank like fish.
Sir. have some coffee.
Thanks.
Go ahead.
Oh yeah. is everyone in?
Mn JUNG isn't in.
Where is he?
He's away for a moment.
You can greet him later.
- come say hello to the team.
- Okay.
Attention. please.
This is our new intern.
SHIN Da-mi.
She's starting today
to support the sales campaign.
so Ms. HONG. take her and
teach her the ropes.
Say hello.
Nice to meet you.
my name is SHIN Da-mi.
So happy to be here.
Boston U grad?
MBA from Yonsei?
She's overqualified for an intern.
Don't be fooled.
Idiot. grad students are
the pitiful ones nowadays.
They went back to school
because they couldn't get a job.
He's right.
I didn't have the courage
to start working right away.
so I dabbled in everything
for a while.
Please pass on your experience.
I'll work really hard.
You were abroad for so long.
how's your Korean?
Good. while doing MBA.
I tutored SAT too.
Then you should
tutor my daughter.
Come. let's chat.
Haven't gone home yet?
Not yet.
good night.
- You. too.
- Yes. sir.
Shit. which bastard's
pulling my leg?!
Sweetie.
it's really hard to afford
a home in Seoul nowadays.
You know that.
Hey!
What do you
take me for?
THIS IS NUTS I'm not saying
we shouldn't get married.
let's talk about it in a year...
Damn...
Stop crying!
Can't you understand
my situation?
Are you willing to
take pity money?
Come on.
let's not fight.
I'm working overtime.
There's a report I have to
submit today.
Walk home safely.
Bye.
Fuck. give me a break...
HAMMER SLAUGHTER CASE
CHEIL F&B SALES MANAGER
Detective.
It's KIM's call log
for that day.
Nothing unusual.
calls to his retail partners.
He just worked
prior to the killing spree.
Detective!
Hurry! Come!
Cheil parking lot CCTV
on the day of.
It's KIM.
He's completely insane.
Look at the time.
10:05 PM.
Crime committed at 9:20.
He slaughtered his family.
and came back to work.
Other angles?
None. we checked everything.
there're only footages of him
entering the parking lot.
Not even an elevator feed?
The elevator was being
maintained from 9 PM.
So. when did he leave?
We don't know.
He was never captured leaving.
What're you saying?
Maybe he's still
in the building.
I'm still working!
Hey!
Can't reach them?
Maintenance?
Try again.
and call me ASAP!
Who is it!
Who's fucking around!
Dammit!
This is driving me nuts!
ME KIM?
Jae-il. still working?
Sir. why are you here?
Come on. man.
Why does anyone come here?
Sales Strategy Plan...
What a headache...
CALL THE COPS ASAP
You son of a bitch!
What the hell. man?
Why are you here?
Stay back!
Dammit!
You're so dead...
Alarm has already
been deactivated
Weird. someone's here?
The intern?
Why're you here
at this hour?
Didn't you
check out earlier?
Holy crap--
Didn't you leave
at around 9?
I came back.
It was raining...
and I wanted to work at home.
But I left this file here...
Yeah.
I checked the parking lot
thoroughly.
He wouldn't still be here.
Should I come up?
Forget it.
You're on
security detail tonight.
What? But! miss home...
You live so far away.
the commute must be hard.
Rent in Seoul is too expensive.
I'm used to it now.
Hometown?
Swarm“ -.
When did you move?
About a year now.
when I got hired.
No southern accent though.
I haven't used it
since junior high.
Why?
I wanted to work in Seoul.
Seoul is not
be-all end-all.
Thank you.
I got home comfortably.
Live here?
Yes.
You'll be seeing me often.
You... were right.
Looked up to Mn KIM.
Of all my seniors.
only he treated me warmly.
Seoul is unfamiliar.
so are the people...
and he was so kind.
even though I'm an intern.
I don't know what others said.
but to me.
he was a good man.
Go rest up.
Fm rechecking everything.
but he's nowhere.
Still no footage of him leaving?
No... How should I proceed?
Just in case. acquire CCTVs
surrounding the building.
Yeah.
- No one left?
- Huh?
Shall I get you a blankie?
Sorry. sir.
- This is good...
- Thank you.
Good morning.
Where's Jae-il?
He's...
not in yet. I guess.
That idiot...
What did the cops ask?
They only asked
standard questions.
There's not much
info to give.
Keep your people quiet.
Yes. don't worry.
Did he have a grudge
or something?
It was brutal...
It was nothing like that.
Anyway. Cheil should never be
mentioned in the media.
JUNG JAE-IL
SALES TEAM 2
THIS IS NUTS.
I WANNA DIE.
The ceiling couldn't
hold the weight.
Neck wound?
It happens when the rope
tightens around the neck.
According to the coroner.
it's a common hanging pattern.
What about his last call?
I verified that
it was his fiancee.
They weren't fighting.
just lovers' quarrel.
I'm told that.
his stock portfolio crash
caused him some grief.
It's KIM Byung-guk.
he's the killer!
You cops are pathetic!
Can't even catch an idiot?
Since you're jerking off here.
everything's going to shit!
- What?
- You piece of trash!
Director. let's go.
Taking it easy. since the gov
signs the check?!
You're all incompetent idiots!
Cops should be evaluated!
You hear me?!
I agree.
Fire all the under performing pigs!
Son of a bitch...
Catch the KIM!
I didn't see Ms. LEE there.
No need for an intern
to attend a funeral.
She's still your team.
Not yet.
The director can really let loose.
Claiming KIM killed JUNG.
and all that.
I agree with him.
Look here.
We determine
if it's a murder or not.
JUNG was...
killed by Mn KIM.
What are you?
Taking us cops for fools?
You said he's not like that.
wouldn't hurt a soul.
"Impossible to believe"!
Now you change your mind?!
Because I'm scared.
Of what?
Ml'. KIM...
he's still in the building.
I...
I saw him.
Where the heck is that file?
KIM BYUNG-GUK
SECOND HALF SALES STRATEGY
Does that make sense?
Why didn't you report it?
So you're absolutely certain?
Did you tell the others?
Why not?
He disappeared.
What?
He was gone.
without a trace.
Like it was a dream.
No...
it wasn't a dream.
I'm not sure...
Maybe I hallucinated.
What?!
Why come alone?
Where's SWAT?
The thing is...
- Turned down?
- Sit.
For what reason?
Sit down.
Cheil filed a complaint.
Complaint?
For what?
They'll file a suit for
work interference.
I want to conduct a search
after everyone's gone.
how's that work interference?
They don't want their company
to be associated with
a murder case since
public image is everything.
Rep is more important than
their employees' safety?!
Why're you barking
at me for!
Chief.
Just give me one squad.
In 2 hours
If nothing turns up?
Isn't that what
we want to confirm?
Hey. leave us.
H.R. AUTO UNION LIST
He's near Bucheon station.
Take the boys
and get to Bucheon.
just find that union head idiot.
Me?
Search sauna and net cafes
around the station.
and bring him in.
Chief...
It's already worked out
with the brass.
Performance review
is coming up.
KIM BYUNG-GUK LOGGED IN
MIRAE...
MANAGER KIM?
MUST BE HARD WORKING LATE.
WHERE ARE YOU?
IS THIS REALLY MR. KIM?
DON'T MESS AROUND.
STILL HAVE THE THING
I GAVE YOU?
Working late again?
Yes.
Why didn't you
go to the funeral?
They wanted someone
in the office.
Why work so hard?
Pace yourself.
Head home.
tomorrow's another day.
Okay.
Bye.
Yeah. mom
I'm at work.
Working overtime.
Mom. I have to
get this done today.
MAINTENANCE ROOM
Haven't gone home yet?
What brings you?
For my report.
I went home to get some rest.
but I can't focus on work there.
You live close?
Yeah.I got a small room nearby.
my home is in Southern Seoul.
I didn't think
anyone'd still be here.
Good. I didn't want to be alone.
Let's work together
No.
I'm heading out now.
LEE MIRAE
NEW PRODUCT
ANALYSIS REPORT
LET'S BECOME
A FIRST-RATE COMPANY
Mirae.
You're here early.
Good morning.
Got here early?
Did you go home okay?
Yes.
Da-mi. good idea.
It's nothing.
I thought of it on the way.
What is that?
Hey. Da-mi prepared it
on the way.
Really?
I'll get a pot.
She's pretty sensible.
We had a chat.
she's very down to earth.
Good degrees.
good attitude and pretty too.
Probably came from money.
since she studied abroad.
She's a rare breed.
" Right?
- Comparison
- LEE Mirae?
- Yeah.
- Dammit. Don't talk about hen
Just do half of Da-mi.
We're not asking a lot.
That's her limit.
She was a total drag yesterday.
She won't make it.
She lacks social skills.
She's driving me crazy.
Always having that scared look on hen
I'm sorry!
Hey! Watch it!
I'm sorry.
Dammit!
HR MANAGER
KIM TAE-HYUNG
Sit. Sit.
You requested a chat?
Yes.
What for?
About... becoming a full-time
after my internship.
When will I find out?
How long have you
worked here?
Almost 5 months.
EMPLOYEE PROFILE
Worried that
you might not get it?
Yes.
You got good work ethics.
and work hard.
you shouldn't worry.
I requested an evaluation
from the department head...
Then...
What about our new intern?
What was her name?
SHIN Da-mi.
She hasn't worked long enough
for us to evaluate hen
Don't worry too much.
If we don't hire you.
then who?
Right?
Mirae. where have you been?
Your phone was off.
The battery died.
I'm sorry.
I asked where you were.
I had an errand
for intern assignment.
Intern assignment?
Shouldn't you do that
after work hours?
I stayed up all night
working on sales strategy.
But I wasted 2 hours because
you forgot a data point.
I'm sorry.
I'll print it right away.
And Mme?
Yes?
I wasn't gonna say this.
but why do you think
the director hired Da-mi?
We got an intern.
so why hire another?
Interns normally go
full-time after 3 months.
Didn't know?
Mme?
Yes?
Crying?
Nope.
You try too hard.
that's your problem.
Pardon?
Don't try to be so good.
Don't show
your zeal too much.
That decreases your identity
in the company.
I don't...
really understand...
When we see you
working so desperately.
we wonder if it's
lack of confidence.
or if you're compensating
for something.
Feels a bit pitiful.
So just go with the flow.
not always so strict.
You're a kind person.
and feels a bit like Mn KIM.
Finish up.
I'm leaving.
Ml'. KIM.
Why do you have that?
Do you remember?
The affiliate who hung himself
at his own shop.
I didn't take
his call that day.
He begged me
to save his ass.
He sent me a package
before killing himself.
Why...
did he send me this?
And for what?
But the thing is.
when I hold this.
I feel calm.
It completely vaporizes
the stress that piled up.
This is like...
a rosary to me.
Ml'. KIM...
Would you like to hold it?
No.
Just try it.
Mme.
There're 2 types of people
in the world.
We're in the same category.
Right.
You should have it.
you'll need it more.
Why're you doing this?
Take it.
You're a bit weird.
you know that?
I'm serious.
you'll need it. Take it!
No!
How am I like you?
Why?!
I'm sorry.
I really am.
HONG Ji-sun.
This is your best?
You expect me to present this
to the HQ tomorrow?
Have you gone mad?
Where's the data supporting
the sales plan?
Scribble some words
and it's all done?
It's what Mn KIM always did...
Ms. HONG. what have you
learned from him?
And your sales campaign
hasn't changed at all!
You proposed to
repeat last year's!
If you lack ideas.
at least put in the effort!
It's what Mn KIM always did?
Listen to yourself.
You're saying he did
all the work up to now.
So you had free rides
all these years?
I'll quit then.
What?
I'll resign.
HONG Ji-sun!
I'll get cancer like this!
I can't take this anymore!
I can't tell if I'm working
towards my death!
I'll quit.
Look here.
Oh yeah. you fired
Mn KIM that day.
Why didn't you tell that
to the cops?
What?
A dismissed Cheil employee
kills his entire family!
Unfair dismissal
sent him over the edge!
So afraid that the media
would get a field day?
Enough!
You told them it was
an ordinary day at the office.
But you're afraid too.
Afraid that it's the truth.
MS. HONG!
You shouldn't leave like this.
MS. HONG.
You didn't know. right?
Jae-il knew about it.
And her too.
Could you turn off the radio?
So. the director...
fired Mn KIM that day.
All gone to shit.
How did Mirae find out?
Probably overheard.
She's got
a dark side to hen
How could she
keep it to herself?
It's all messed up here.
I want to quit.
Quit. then.
How will I feed myself?
You'll feed me?
Don't quit. then.
I just don't want to
come to work. Oh well...
The director asked me earlier.
of the two.
which one I'd pick.
Yeah?
So. what did you say?
You know...
And what did he say?
He feels the same.
Mirae works really hard. but...
It's the only thing she does.
too constrained.
I know. eh?
Anyway. who knows
what'll happen.
Isn't it because
you find Da-mi cute?
What a load of bull crap.
Is it okay for us
to just leave?
Who cares.
Are you...
all right?
What do you mean?
Well. you know.
You and I should grab
some dinner sometime.
Why?
We haven't had
many chances to talk.
I'm heading out.
Yes. chief.
I'm on my way back.
Yes. I'll get started
on the briefing.
Okay!
Why were you in Bucheon?
To see a friend.
A friend?
To hide at his place?
If that happened.
we'd have been fucked.
They always have accomplices.
Yes. detective.
What? LEE Mirae?
No
She hasn't left yet.
Okay. I got it.
I looked up to Mn KIM.
To me. he was a good man.
NEW HIRE REQUEST
SUBMITTED BY
SALES TEAM 2 DIRECTOR
HIRE SHIN DA-MI
Yeah. someone with experience.
Someone good. okay?
Some bitch was irritating me.
so I fired hen
Look into it
and call me back. All right.
Stupid bitch. She thinks nothing
gets done without her?
Fucking nobody.
Dammit...
TO: LEE MIRAE
FROM: DIRECTOR
THIS REGIONAL MEETING
IS REALLY IMPORTANT
PLEASE COME BACK AND
FINISH THE PLAN.
I'M SORRY ABOUT EARLIER.
BTW I FAST-TRACKED
YOUR PROMOTION. REALLY!!!
Sir. could you take me back?
What?
The traffic's getting better.
Just go please.
Excuse me.
Sin
Did something happen to her?
It's nothing.
please go inside.
Is she dead?
That night...
I was drunk and went to
her room by accident.
And she was there.
in the middle of the room.
Standing there like a statue.
She held a knife.
A knife?
She didn't do anything.
her knife was this big.
Just stood there.
Didn't even know
I was inside.
Then?
I was scared.
so I got out.
I was sure she was
like a ticking time bomb.
I saw that just once.
but she looked possessed.
Doofis dosing.
It's occupied.
It's occupied!
That's strange...
Where's the rotting smell
coming from?
What's that stench?
Right?
Is something inside?
Holy fuck!
What?
You found what?
We got a body!
It's KIM Byung-guk!
We just found him.
please come right away!
Where the heck is it?
Goddammit!
I told you.
not at the office!
But it's thrilling.
You came back quick. honey.
Whatever. I should've
left my phone off.
I know...
He gave me the evil eye
when I was leaving.
So annoying.
don't even mention it.
I said stop.
Mme?
Mirae. what're you doing?
2015 SALES STRATEGY PLAN
- SALES TEAM 2
Why're you working on this?
Why. can't I?
Where you going?
You got work!
- Why you...
- Hey!
Are you mad?!
You're just an intern!
You're finished.
Understand?
Mirae!
Are you nuts?
Are you okay?
Ha-young...
Come on. wake up!
Shit...
Open your eye!
Ha-young!
Wake up.
Shit...
That bitch!
2015 SALES STRATEGY PLAN
- SALES TEAM 2
BY KIM BYUNG-GUK
Give that to me.
Don't come any closer.
Give it back.
What have you been doing
with Mn KIM?
I'm begging you.
I really need that.
Don't come any closer!
Hey. where is Ha-young?
Please give it back!
What did you do to her?!
I said don't move.
Think I won't hurt you?
LGt g0!
Let this go!
Let go!
Shit!
What are you?
It hurts...
Tell me.
what are you?!
Hurts so much...
Hands up!
She's not LEE Mirae.
Hands up. asshole!
Tell him.
who are you?
- Who are you?
- Get off!
You'll die.
Tell me! Who are you!
Ms. LEE?
Mirae!
One of them is already dead.
She was unconscious
when she was brought in.
the gunfire must have
triggered the shock.
Cyanide was detected
in KIM's body.
On the day of killings.
the elevator was being maintained.
he must've snuck in
while the engineer was away.
This was inside KIM's bag.
It's his journal.
What was
LEE Won-suk's motive?
It's still not...
How could you
not have it yet?
See if he had a history of
mental problems.
If there isn't a motive.
come up with a believable one.
Make sure they don't bring up
excessive defense.
You understand?
Is that a problem?
No. sin
I'll debrief when I get back.
Yes. sir.
MANAGER KIM BYUNG-GUK
SALES TEAM 2
THE OFFICE IS
FILLED WITH WOLVES.
WAITING TO RIP
EACH OTHER INTO PIECES.
Have you been well?
Getting out in 2 days.
I heard.
Yes.
You look good.
You too.
I...
have a question.
EVIDENCE
This knife...
Have you seen it before?
Yes.
Where?
I had it with me.
What for?
I don't know.
To me.
it's...like a rosary.
Rosary?
I felt like I was at peace.
I heard you're
getting promoted.
Congrats.
Hello?
This is Hanwol F&B's
HR department.
Didn't you submit
a job application?
Yes.
Your interview is at 3
next Saturday.
Please come to the 5th floor.
Okay. thank you.